# User Personas

We want to support individuals and businesses looking for an affordable,
scalable, and user-friendly cloud hosting solution. Our key users catagories:

- Non-technical
- Junior developer
- Senior developer

---

## Startup Founder/Entrepreneur

**Bio:** Alex is a 28-year-old startup founder building a new SaaS platform with
a small team. He has secured seed funding but need to manage costs carefully
while scaling their product.

**Needs/Goals:** Alex needs to quickly calculate hosting costs, compare options,
and choose a solution that scales affordably as their user base grows.

**Frustrations:** Most cloud hosting platforms have complex pricing structures
that make it hard to estimate costs. Alex is frustrated by unexpected charges
and the time it takes to compare options.

**Scenario:** Alex is preparing to pitch to investors and needs to show clear,
hosting cost estimates. The homepage should provide a simple pricing and
highlight cost comparisons with other providers.

## Senior Student Deploying Graduation

**Bio:** Aisha Khalid is a 22-year-old senior computer science student working
on her graduation project. She has built a web application and now needs to
deploy it online for evaluation by her professors. While she is confident in
coding and version control, she has little experience with hosting and
deployment. She is looking for a simple solution to get her project live without
dealing with complex server configurations.

**Needs/Goals:** Deploy her graduation project quickly and efficiently. Use an
intuitive, student-friendly hosting service.

**Frustrations:** Overwhelmed by complicated cloud hosting setups. Wants to
focus on her project rather than troubleshooting deployment issues.

**Scenario:** Aisha has completed her web app and is excited to showcase it to
her professors. She searches online for deployment options but finds most
platforms too complex or expensive. She sees a simple CLI command for deployment
makes her excited to try the platform without hassle.

## Senior software engineer

**Bio:** Youssef is a 29-year-old software engineer working for a fintech
company. He frequently develops and deploys applications using different
programming languages like Node.js, Python, and C#. He needs a cloud hosting
platform that supports multiple programming languages to handle diverse project
requirements.

**Needs/Goals:** Deploy applications in multiple languages without compatibility
issues. Work with a hosting provider that offers flexibility and scalability.
Optimize performance for high-traffic applications.

**Frustrations:** Some hosting services only support limited programming
languages. Switching between different hosting platforms for different tech
stacks is inefficient.

**Scenario:** Youssef is developing a financial analytics dashboard using Python
for data processing, Node.js for the backend, and C# for legacy system
integration. He is searching for a hosting provider that allows him to deploy
all components in one place without restrictions.
